chain turned on the most open television
that never
We're back now a lady
Japanese delight a miso soup as well as
he listens to ingredients on the screen
you require good ingredients
basic of Japanese food look is not
difficult to find anything else that
have to go to a place one
specialized in oriental food and good
and to do more more specific Japanese
this is my shop that is miso good
because fermented soy is the miso has
eaten for centuries in japan indeed
before they considered it medicinal what
happens that the fermentation of soy
It helps a lot to the intestinal flora
then imagine how good it is for
all of us already know that in vietnam
in korea in china in japan ferment the
ingredients ferment the product and they
love that taste that umami flavor that
we have talked and good is delicious
here we have from there the dashi is a
Japanese style fish concentrate
It is also not difficult to find
just go as I say to a
place and ask if the
pothole is very very basic and what the
So delicious flavor to this rich soup
then we will start a free Monday
of meat but with a lot of flavor here
we have a little bit of sesame oil
We are starting to infuse the
flavors and we can put mushrooms if
is here
rimini the fungus that you find
the more flavor the better mushrooms
It can also be no problem lady
that soup you can do it first
known to find and now with the
time that is in list
specialized then if you make it such
which but it is a delight and you will see smell
delicious let's add garlic
grated garlic and this soup is good because it brings
proteins
3 high flavor vitamins mineral and good
whenever you go to a sushi or a
Japanese food restaurant soup
miso is a guarantee
ready very well now let's add the
broth can be chicken broth salt or
vegetables
a fish stock even because it does not
then it's time to add in tallin
look how well this looks like the
true fish with half that we give to
the little fish well for there
inside is the taste so interesting
that you find in the miso soup is
part the dashi and the miso in fact this
pasta lasts a lot and there are different
colors there miso white blush me and I
made black the color knows what it depends on
of the years of fermentation among more
years it becomes darkier it gets more
really concentrated Japanese cuisine
it's a wonderful and good world
that the flavors you like, let's put
a little bit of soy sauce for
Spice up
and it 's delicious and when I release the
blush when it's boiling we're going to
put noodles you can put noodle
rice can put soba noodles can
put ramen the one you want and what
we put and in three minutes it hydrates
this noodle now I already have here a
soup a little more forward see how the
video is already hydrated and delicious and
to give more flavor to the soup we're going
to put some nori seaweed with the one
they make the sushi rolls imagine
what a rich flavor
will give it and well the seaweed is extremely
nourishing both the people who are
trying to get back on a diet
vegetarian the area is always
advisable they are and good to integrate
more more ricura more protein and
tofu consistency let's put everything
firm almost at the end so the truth
they do not have any intense flavor is a
very subtle flavor that will absorb everything
the taste of the soup
Nothing more than sweet
oh, it does not taste so special, and let's go
to serve him
it's that easy to finish our rich
Miso soup
look, let's put some of these
fungi a bit of seaweed
A) Yes
let's serve noodles that do not pass
and I'm going to take a fork
simple and good of the truth that eat
Japanese food is extremely fun
not because there are always textures flavors
different there is and we are going to give you more
intensity more flavor knows with what with a
little cilantro
well and good to mexicanize it a bit
tropicalize what we are going to put chili
serrano that already in all restaurants
Japanese here in Mexico use the
spicy a little chive
that is going to refresh a lot our
Soup
and a touch of fresh lemon and does not know
how wonderful I hope you do this
recipe in house surprise your family
because it is an extremely nutritious soup and
easy to do on my facebook page
will find the ingredients and the
procedure of miso soup with tofu
I send you many kisses and greetings thanks
for being in contact every day in
page there will find everything
is required to make a daily menu in
I send you kisses thank you to the
11 in the morning knows that more recipes
here in cadenatres
Hi, I'm Marta Figueroa, the trades that
see our day as they subscribe to
our YouTube channel